I've spread my dreams under your feet
tread softly because you tread on my
dreams right I'm in a single income
household and Jen and I just had our
second baby I think it's time for a
raise I can't give you a raise good it's
like giving a raise do it Betty my
child's like a drug problem you're fired
you're fired obviously oh you must be
McCreary oh wow you're fired
so cut me back who are you I'm my I'm a
new writer don't sit down okay could you
sit down please I'll just use that
trashcan it's kind of comfortable better
than sure I came to tell you this year
is your last what they can't replace you
if everyone loves you then none of you
understand what is at stake here I am
being replaced
think about why the show is bad and come
up with ways to fix it I wish I was a
woman of color so that I could just get
me Java while we talk to us you can't
say that I know what everyone thinks at
me but just because I was lucky enough
to get this job doesn't mean I'm stupid
enough to lose then what exactly is
wrong with my bits you're a little older
a little wait what can I do about that
I have some jokes with Milan I shouldn't
do this in an English accent should I
know what this is your show
it's an expression of who you are
how would you describe Molly she thought
I was the vibrant splash of color on the
gray canvas of our writing staff I mean
I need you only I need your pushiness
and lack of boundaries you love me no I
didn't say that I know
I mean happen does worried but you know
I didn't say it in any of those words
[Music]